> SECURE SIMPLE PAIRING
There are five phases of Secure Simple Pairing: 
• Phase 1: Public key exchange
• Phase 2: Authentication Stage 1
• Phase 3: Authentication Stage 2
• Phase 4: Link key calculation
• Phase 5: LMP Authentication and Encryption
> Public key exchange
 Generate DH key
 > Authentication Stage 1
  Numeric Comparison, Out-of-Band, and Passkey Entry. The Just Works association model shares the  Numeric Comparison 
  protocol and does not have a separate protocol.
    The Out-of-Band Protocol is used when authentication information has been 
    received by at least one of the devices and indicated in the OOB Authentication 
    Data Present parameter in the LMP IO capability exchange sequence.
    The Passkey Entry protocol is used when LMP IO capability exchange 
    sequence indicates that Passkey Entry shall be used.
 > Authentication Stage 2
  identical in all three protocols.
  Each device computes a new confirmation value that includes the previously exchanged values and the newly derived shared key
  
> INQUERY and PAGING
Inquery steps
 1> The inquiry procedure involve a unit (the source) sending out inquiry packets (inquiry state) and then receiving the inquiry reply
 2> The unit that receives the inquiry packets (the destination), will hopefully be in the inquiry scan state to receive the inquiry packets.
 3> The destination will then enter the inquiry response state and send an inquiry reply to the source.
Inqury procedure by Inquiring device (Master)
 When commanded to enter the inquiry state, the master device starts to transmit, using 16 of the 32 channels used for inquiries. During every 
 even numbered slot it transmits two ID packets on two different channels, and during the following slot it listens on those two channels for a 
 slave's response (an FHS packet = BDadress + clock_offset). In the next two slots it uses the next two channels, so the hopping sequence (of 16 channels) 
 repeats every 10ms (16 slots). The 16 slot sequence must be repeated at least 256 times (i.e. for at least 2.56 seconds) before switching to the other set 
 of 16 channels.
Paging steps (Int by Master)
 1> A device (the source) (Page State) pages another device (the destination ).
 2> The destination (In Page Scan state) receives the page.
 3> The destination sends a reply to the source. (Slave Response state)
 4> The source sends an FHS packet to the destination (	Master Response state)
 5> The destination sends it's second reply to the source
 6> The destination & source then switch to the source channel parameters. 
 The Connection state starts with a POLL packet sent by the master to verify that slave has switched to the master's timing and channel frequency 
 hopping. The slave can respond with any type of packet.
 Ref (https://www.amd.e-technik.uni-rostock.de/ma/gol/lectures/wirlec/bluetooth_info/baseband.html)
